Now that we have our basic infrastructure created, so we know that we can tackle the portfolio here
to show and to hide, which is really awesome.
We want to now work internally, so we want something like this.
You know, this is not this is not exciting, right, to show, yes, this text like I want to do.
I want to create something that's more customized and beautiful, if you will.
How do we do this?
Well, inside of out of here.
In fact, before I even leave you, let's go ahead and get rid of the unnecessary here.
Just a box concise.
So let's go back to our content.
You say command entry is going to take you there or control Class B and windows.
And let's go to our portfolio again.
Quick.
And there we go.
So this is where we are going to be working on.
So what we want to do is we want to be able to extract and make something a little bit more memorable
and less embarrassing.
OK.
All right.
So what are we going to do?
Let's get rid of that item there as serve us well, and we're going to go back to sleep mode and we're
going to hide our emulator such.
And for the content, I'm actually going to get rid of the preview because I want to see that more.
And what I'm going to do inside here is going to tweet the card and let it pass modifier.
What's new?
Your general pattern of about 13 deep and feel max width such and then I'm going to pass a shape in
this case is going to be a rectangle shape as such because I want it to be that shape, rectangle shape.
Very good.
Now, if you look at what is inside here.
Notice we have some sort of two configurations.
First, we have a row because things are going to be left right.
And of course, here we also have things are going to be vertically aligned.
So top to bottom.
So the main enclosing item will be a row because I'm going to be this item, which is going to be our
profile picture.
And then we have this content project title and then description of sorts.
So what are we going to do inside of our card?
That would be that we will be creating.
We're going to create a row or add a row.
All of these is given, OK.
And then I'm going to pass the modifier again, say modifier.
And I want padding within inside there, padding inside.
And I see about eight dpi.
And next to one is also say background color.
I'm just going to use the material theme that colors and just use the surface color.
All of these colors are come from the mature theme.
So we're set.
All right.
And then I'm going to make this clickable.
And next, I'm going to also add padding.
This is inside of our row of about 16 dpi.
Like this?
All right.
So we have this row created now we have to add these contents.
So we're going to use a surface again.
A very good friend of ours, passing modifier size and turning the whole thing to have about 15 dpi
such.
And then I'm going to use the shape of the shape and I want a circle shape.
But now what are we trying to do here?
Well, all we're trying to do is to add this nice circle containing an image.
What do you mean it?
Haven't we done that before?
If you look back to have our content, of course, if you look back at this, go back to here.
We have this create image profile.
That's exactly what you want.
Here is the beauty we can reuse.
Pieces of the user interface are interesting.
That means then I don't have to come here and we do all of this.
All I can do, which is see, I can go ahead and just call the create image profile as such and see
what happens.
I'm going to go ahead and make sure that I run this real quick to see what's going to happen.
OK, so it's false.
So we need to click to see something right?
That's the deal.
I'm going to go ahead and click and voila.
Now make sure this is there.
You can see I can scroll up and down in.
Each one of these are going to show or have an actual.
In this case, you can see an actual image rounded and everything.
This is the beauty of creating pieces of independent function, in this case, composable because we
can reuse them.
Now here is the awesome part.
Also, if we go to our create image profile notice, we passed the modifier vertical.
This is good because that means even though it is not required, it's optional.
We can actually use that to our advantage.
How well I'm going to change a few things here because notice in the side of this create image profile
the only place I reuse whatever we're going to be passing here in this case, it might fire is just
on this surface, which is the overall the main canvas for our create in profile, this guy.
That's where we're using.
However, we don't use it anywhere else.
So I want to use that also here.
Just call that modifier as such.
This is going to help me.
In what way?
Well, let's go back to where this has been called.
Now we have a couple of places, so we have here where which is inside of our list.
What is that one to happen?
Well, we want to make sure that we pass, modify here to further customize our friend.
Look at that.
I can see modifier that size when I make it a little bit smaller.
How about 100?
Let's see what's going to happen.
That deep?
And look at this.
Now it's smaller than this guy, you see.
This is wonderful.
This is an amazing concept that you will see me use this over and over again.
In fact, that's what's encouraged.
That's the beauty.
Now we're taking we created this great image profile a while ago.
It has its own customized properties.
But then we can customize it even further because we want it to be reusable anywhere we want.
And here's the example, and we can continue customizing.
Because we just we can pass any modifier that we want here or any property from our modifier.
Wonderful.
And as such, I can come down here just to show you I'm going to say text and because remember it was
still inside of these lazy column, which means we have this item object here and this case just a string
that we can show text there.
Or I can just go ahead and just pass the actual item, say item like this same thing.
We can pass named parameters or we can just say like this and pass item, which is the recommended way.
Either way, it will work.
All right.
So now if I run this again and let's click, we should see project in each one.
It's going to go in show here.
All right.
And if you look closely, you will see that we have this very nice card, which we created just a few
seconds ago.
And as we know, for each card, we can also pass the elevation right of a shape.
I'm going to see elevation for type DPI.
And there you go.
You can see the difference there.
We have this very nice elevation there.
How about changing this to about seven dpi for our row just to make sure?
All right.
Much, much better.
I like that.
I guess we can play around with this patterns and all sort of things, but at least you can see now
that things are working as expected.
Now the other thing I'm going to do here.
Remember, we are trying to make it so that we have something like this.
So that means then this text here perhaps needs to change to something a little bit more exciting.
So the first thing we do, let's change the font weight and we say font weight bold.
So if you just start typing as such.
So here I'm just say bold font weight, bold enter.
And there it is.
But again, remember that the idea is to have we have this one row, which we've added, so we have
a row which contains this create image profile and they don't have the text.
But if we add, anything else is going to be added to the right, but we want something to be added
after this project.
Like a bottom here.
How do we do that?
Well, we are going to enclose this text inside of a column.
So I'm going to say column such and I'm going to select this guy and I'm going to arrow up what's selected
while still holding command shift like this is going to go now inside.
All right.
So now we have this column here, which is exactly what we want and what we can do.
Of course, I'm going to go ahead and pass a modifier here, another padding of about eight dpi or seven
dpi.
That's fine.
And then still with our modifier, I'm going to also invoke the line limited there.
The align method.
In this case, I'm going to pass alignment, of course, and the alignment to say alignment, and I
want this alignment to be centered vertically.
So this will allow this whole column to enclose everything that is inside of it.
It's going to be center vertically, which is exactly what we want.
Very good.
So we have in our text, the next thing we want to add is, of course, some sort of description here,
something like that.
So that means then we just copy this and paste it all there.
And in this case, I'm just going to add a text manual text.
It was a great project, something like that.
And for font, it's not going to be bold.
I want to change this to something less bold, no pun intended, let's say style and what's called material
theme or such.
Let's go to typography and then Body two is a little bit small.
That should work.
Let's go give it a run.
All right.
Let's go ahead and take a look.
You can click and you see we have everything working nice, right?
I did.
And we have our rose and everything is looking great.
Now, keep in mind that if we change this alignment or we don't add this alignment, this project one
and great project, you know, this tax here would be to the top here.
In fact, let me show you real quick what would happen if we don't have that run?
OK, let's go portfolio and you can see is at the top there.
It's not the worst thing in the world, but I want everything to be kind of centered vertically, which
means all of these tax will be pushed down a little bit.
This is not bad.
So I'm going to go control Z.
So we have that back.
OK, so its final tests here?
Very good.
OK.
So there you have it.
It's working, and it's the end of our fun project here.
Now again, I have to emphasize this is not the end.
Obviously, this is just the beginning.
In fact.
I ran through this real quick and I did explain things, other things I did not, and it's all intentional
because I didn't want to bug you down with the details.
Too much details.
This is just the beginning.
We are going to dive through this like no one else coming lesson.
So.
So do not worry if none of this made sense, as long as you were able to go through and see what it
was doing and kind of like, navigate in your mind what's going on a little bit.
That's all that I'm hoping that you got from this.
We will go through all of this into more detail than ever in the next videos.
OK, congratulations if you were able to build this simple application.
And I really look forward to seeing next what we're going to be diving deeper even deeper.
Yes, it's possible even deeper into this amazing new tool that is compose.
OK, thank you so much, and I'll see you next time.